
This license has been **modified from** the BSD-3-Clause license
(condition 4 was added).

*******************************************************************************

Cocop.MessageSerialiser.Biz Java API:
Copyright (c) 2020 Tampere University. All Rights Reserved.

B2MML-BatchML V0600:
Copyright (c) 2013 Manufacturing Enterprise Solutions Association (MESA
International). All Rights Reserved.


Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

4. This software is based on B2MML-BatchML V0600 (Business to Manufacturing
Markup Language), which is copyrighted to MESA International. Therefore, the
following quoted license agreement applies.

'This Manufacturing Enterprise Solutions Association (MESA International) Work
(including specifications, documents, software, and related items) referred to
as the Business To Manufacturing Markup Language (B2MML) is provided by the
copyright holders under the following license. Permission to use, copy, modify,
or redistribute this Work and its documentation, with or without modification,
for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted provided MESA is
acknowledged as the originator of this Work using the following statement: "The
Business To Manufacturing Markup Language (B2MML) is used courtesy of the
Manufacturing Enterprise Solutions Association (MESA International)." In no 
event shall MESA, its members, or any third party be liable for any costs,
expenses, losses, damages or injuries incurred by use of the Work or as a
result of this agreement.'


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
